Alrighty. So getting started with our development process
In this video we'll create our common classes
for customer, order, orderitem, address, and purchase.
So let's go ahead and open up a terminal window here.
I'll use the angular CLI
to generate some stub classes for us.
So use ng generate class common/customer
and this will create this
in the common subdirectory.
swing over here and verify this
app, common and there's our customer.ts.
Okay, that's good.
Now let's go ahead and repeat the process
for our other classes,
dot order,
orderitem,
Address
and purchase.
All right. So let's go
and clear this window
and let's start working
on some of our classes.
So I'll start with customer
and the customer has three fields
for first name, last name and email,
and now move over to the order class.
And I'll go ahead and define the fields here
for the order.
So at this level, we'll have total quantity
and total price.
Next we'll move to the order item.
And for order item,
we'll also set up a constructor
that accepts a cart item.
So we'll, we'd like to be able
to construct that order item
based off of cart item data.
So I'll just do some assignments here
inside of this constructor.
So basically reading the appropriate fields
from cart item
and assigning them to this order item.
And we'll use this coding later on
in our checkout form
when we're building up the purchase
that we'll send over to the back end.
And then finally here we have address
our main item here is purchase.
So that's the main object
that we'll use for sending
of all of the data
that we read from the checkout form.
So we'll have entries here for customers
shipping Address, billing Address, order
and a collection of order items.
Just go ahead and fix the imports here
Alrighty so that's our purchase.
So our front end we'll assemble this purchase
from all the form data
and send it over to our rest API
for processing.
Alrighty, this looks pretty good.